Day 10-11
The entire performance of your solutions depends on the data modelling.
To learn: how to work with data models, working with tables, dimension and hierachies.
1) Data Prep: power Query
2) Data Viz: you won't be able to create proper analysis if the data is not properly cleaned
3) Data Modelling: avoiding data redundancy

Benefits of a good data model
i) Accurate reports ii) Faster data exploration iii)Simpler aggregations iv) Easier to maintain
Some tables are stored for keeping permanent data (dimensions) e.g bio data, school matric id, acct no, and others for continuous activity (facts) e.g attendance record, banking transactions. 
The dimension and fact will lead us have two types of popular models called } star schema, snowflake schema. The star models dimension tables relationship with the fact table.
What is Normalization? (To read more on this)

DAX Data Analysis Expressions is a combination of functions, used to build formulas in power BI. As a Data analyst you're summarizing your data. Data is the full event, viz and analysis are the summary. 

A measure is a summarization of a data using DAX, It is way of defining aggregated data
Calculated columns: are additional columns added to your data using DAX.
Difference between measures and calculated columns
CC add new columns to the data you already have, while Measures do not
Measure are formulas you use to create new chart, created on demand. They are calculated based on filters.

To know DAX that you must know how to use;
1) Functions: allows you perform an operation.
i)syntax: Input that the function wants.
ii) Type: does the function give you multiple data point (return plenty things table function) or single data point(scalar e.g sum, count, average)

For the sake of flow you can create (RELATED: it goes to a related table and fetch the value in that table)

to create a table & to generate a base table for time related analysis in the report. to show standard date, year, element of calendar.
CALENDERAUTO([squarebrackets mean it is optional so you can choose to ignore it])
FILTER (table function)

ii)Measures---} Evaluation Context
a) Helps you apply formula on every row (b) and a on filter
by combining scalar and table function 
Revenue (WO Organic) = SUMX(
    FILTER(Sales, RELATED('Sales Reps'[Sales Team]) <> "Organic"), 
    Sales[Sales])

CALCULATE used to quickly modify the filters coming from your formula. e.g to show the previous month revenue. 
Previous Month Revenue = CALCULATE([Revenue (WO Organic)], PREVIOUSMONTH(Sales[Order Date].[Date]))